#
# Clawsker manual page
#
# See COPYRIGHT and LICENSE sections below and COPYING file for details.
#
=pod

=head1 NAME

Clawsker - A Claws Mail Tweaker

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<clawsker> [B<-a>|B<--alternate-config-dir> I<dirname>] [B<-b>|B<--verbose>]
[B<-c>|B<--clawsrc> I<filename>] [B<-r>|B<--read-only>]

B<clawsker> [B<-v>|B<--version>]

B<clawsker> [B<-h>|B<--help>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Clawsker is an applet to edit the so called Claws Mail hidden preferences.

Claws Mail is a fast, lightweight and feature-rich MUA with a high number 
of configurable options. To keep the binary small and fast some of these 
preferences which are not widely used are not provided with a graphical
interface for inspection and/or modification.

Users wanting to edit such preferences had to face raw editing of their 
configuration files, now you can do it with a convenient GTK interface
using Clawsker.

In adition to hidden features Clawsker can edit also some other settings
which usually can only be set indirectly. These include currently the
saved positions (and sizes when available) of Claws Mail windows.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-a> | B<--alternate-config-dir> I<dirname>

Uses I<dirname> as Claws Mail configuration directory.

=item B<-b> | B<--verbose>

Tells more on the standard output.

=item B<-c> | B<--clawsrc> I<filename>

Uses I<filename> as Claws Mail resource configuration file. This sets
the full file name overriding any previous setting.

=item B<-h> | B<--help>

Shows a brief help screen.

=item B<-r> | B<--read-only>

Edits hidden preferences without saving the changes. It also works while
Claws Mail is running.

=item B<-v> | B<--version>

Shows version information for program, Perl-GTK and Claws Mail.

=back

Weird option specifications may produce weird results (but otherwise correct).

=head1 LIMITATIONS

A running Claws Mail cannot be detected if using the B<--clawsrc> option
because the directory is not assumed to be a Claws Mail configuration dir.
If that is the case use the B<--alternate-config-dir> option instead.

Detection will also fail if the temporary directory resolution differs.
This may happen, for example, when the value of the environment variable
B<TMPDIR> under Clawsker is not the same that it was when Claws Mail was
launched.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Clawsker homepage|http://www.claws-mail.org/clawsker.php>,
L<List of hidden preferences|http://www.claws-mail.org/manual/claws-mail-manual.html#adv_hidden>

=head1 AUTHOR

Main author is Ricardo Mones E<lt>ricardo@mones.orgE<gt> with the help of
others. See the AUTHORS file on source tarball or git for a detailed list
of contributors.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Clawsker is Copyright 2007-2020 by Ricardo Mones Lastra.

=head1 LICENSE

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program. If not, see E<lt>http://www.gnu.org/licenses/E<gt>.

=cut

